Running Quantized ResNet50 via MIGraphX (#88)
amd/rocm-examples: AI/MIGraphX/Quantization/Readme.md

### Converting and executing the quantized model
As of the latest PyTorch release, there is no support for executing quantized models on GPUs directly through the framework. To execute these quantized models, use AMD's graph optimizer, MIGraphX, which is built using the ROCm stack. The [torch_migraphx](https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/torch_migraphx) library provides a friendly interface for optimizing PyTorch models using the MIGraphX graph optimizer. 

The examples show how to use this library to convert and execute PyTorch quantized models on GPUs using MIGraphX.

## Torch-MIGraphX

Torch-MIGraphX integrates AMD's graph inference engine with the PyTorch ecosystem. It provides a `mgx_module` object that may be invoked in the same manner as any other torch module, but utilizes the MIGraphX inference engine internally. 

This library currently supports two paths for lowering:

- FX Tracing: Uses tracing API provided by the `torch.fx` library.
  
- Dynamo Backend: Importing torch_migraphx automatically registers the "migraphx" backend that can be used with the `torch.compile` API.

> 

Reviewer: Im not sure if it's a good idea to copy paste the readme from torch_migraphx rather than just link to it

Author: Agreed and corrected.

## Getting started
### Docker
The simplest and recommended way to get started is using the provided Dockerfile.

1. Build using:
```
./build_image.sh
```
2. Start container using:
```
sudo docker run -it --network=host --device=/dev/kfd --device=/dev/dri --group-add=video --ipc=host --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE --security-opt seccomp=unconfined torch_migraphx
```

The default Dockerfile builds on the nightly pytorch container and installs the latest source version of MIGraphX and torch_migraphx. For more builds, refer to the Docker directory.

### Installing from source

1. Install Prerequisites:

- [PyTorch (ROCM version)](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/install-on-linux/en/develop/how-to/3rd-party/pytorch-install.html#using-a-wheels-package)
- [MIGraphX](https://github.com/ROCm/AMDMIGraphX?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-from-binaries)

2. Build and install from source
```
git clone https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/torch_migraphx.git
cd ./torch_migraphx/py
export TORCH_CMAKE_PATH=$(python -c "import torch; print(torch.utils.cmake_prefix_path)")
pip install .
```

> 

Reviewer: Even if the decision is to leave in the pasted installation instructions, the content below this line is probably not necessary since the examples in this repo themselves will show the user how to use the provided APIs in this context.

Author: @shivadbhavsar I added a link to the Torch_MIGraphX page.

# MIGraphX - Torch Examples

# Summary

> The examples in this subdirectory showcase the functionality of the [MIGraphX](https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/torch_migraphx/tree/master) library. The examples build on Linux for the ROCm (AMD GPU) backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The examples in this subdirectory showcase the functionality of the [MIGraphX](https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/torch_migraphx/tree/master) library. The examples build on Linux for the ROCm (AMD GPU) backend.
```
 Last sentence is too technical, let's rewrite.  AMD GPU backend term does not need to be used.

Author: Fixed. Please review the updated Summary section in the Readme file.

> The examples in this subdirectory showcase the functionality of the [MIGraphX](https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/torch_migraphx/tree/master) library. The examples build on Linux for the ROCm (AMD GPU) backend.

Reviewer: For the link please change text to Torch-MIGraphX from just MIGraphX. Thats confusing because MIGraphX is its own repo (not the one we are pointing to in this case)

## Introduction

> Quantization is an optimization tool that is commonly used to accelerate inferencing for deep learning models. There are many flavors of quantization. In the examples here, we show how the ROCm stack can be used to accelerate inference using [INT8 quantization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.05877.pdf) on pretrained models. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Quantization is an optimization tool that is commonly used to accelerate inferencing for deep learning models. There are many flavors of quantization. In the examples here, we show how the ROCm can be used to accelerate inference using [INT8 quantization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.05877.pdf) on pretrained models. 
```

### Converting and executing the quantized model
As of the latest PyTorch release, there is no support for executing quantized models on GPUs directly through the framework. To execute these quantized models, use AMD's graph optimizer, MIGraphX, which is built using the ROCm stack. The [torch_migraphx](https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/torch_migraphx) library provides a friendly interface for optimizing PyTorch models using the MIGraphX graph optimizer. 

The examples show how to use this library to convert and execute PyTorch quantized models on GPUs using MIGraphX.

## Torch-MIGraphX

Torch-MIGraphX integrates AMD's graph inference engine with the PyTorch ecosystem. It provides a `mgx_module` object that may be invoked in the same manner as any other torch module, but utilizes the MIGraphX inference engine internally. 

This library currently supports two paths for lowering:

- FX Tracing: Uses tracing API provided by the `torch.fx` library.
  
- Dynamo Backend: Importing torch_migraphx automatically registers the "migraphx" backend that can be used with the `torch.compile` API.

### Installation instructions

> Refer to the [Torch_MIGraphX](https://github.com/ROCmSoftwarePlatform/torch_migraphx/blob/master/README.md) page for Docker and source installation instructions. 

Reviewer 3: The repo moved to https://github.com/ROCm/torch_migraphx/blob/master/README.md

## Introduction

> Quantization is an optimization tool that is commonly used to accelerate inferencing for deep learning models. There are many flavors of quantization. In the examples here, we show how the ROCm can be used to accelerate inference using [INT8 quantization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.05877.pdf) on pretrained models. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Quantization is an optimization tool that is commonly used to accelerate inferencing for deep learning models. There are many flavors of quantization. In the examples here, we show you how to use ROCm to accelerate inference using [INT8 quantization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.05877.pdf) on pretrained models. 
```
